Update changelog w/ CS bugfix (#3337)
stripe/stripe-ios: CHANGELOG.md

### PaymentSheet
* [Added] Added support for [payment method configurations](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/multiple-payment-method-configs) when using the deferred intent integration path.

### CustomerSheet

> * [Fixed] Fixed bug where if an exception is thrown in detachPaymentMethod(), the paymentMethod was removed in the UI [#3309](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-ios/pull/3309)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Fixed] Fixed a bug where if an exception is thrown in detachPaymentMethod(), the payment method was removed in the UI [#3309](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-ios/pull/3309)
```
